♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
burning and frozen halves.
There, they learn of terrifying
experiments performed
by the master of the island,
Caesar Clown.
Their struggles against the mad
scientist cause them to form
an alliance with Trafalgar Law,
one of the Seven
Warlords of the Sea.
After searching the island,
Luffy finally comes face-to-face
with Caesar, himself.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
You shouldn't underestimate me.
[LAW grunts]
[LAW]
Show yourself! Who are you?
[LAW groans]
Why are... you here? Why now?
[chuckles]
[VERGO]
How many years has it been?
Look at you, all grown up.
Law.
[LUFFY] "A Samurai Who Can
Cut Fire! Foxfire Kin'emon!"
[LAW grunts]
You think the boss doesn't
know what's going on?
I had hoped you were
smarter than that.
[pants]
[VERGO]
To be honest with you,
we don't trust this
Caesar character either.
The guy is shady.
That's why the boss sent an
undercover agent to the island.
The lovely Monet, here.
[VERGO] Rumor has it
you're a Warlord now.
That's one hell of a promotion.
When did you
get here... Vergo?
[VERGO]
Hm? Actually, I just arrived.
I was spending some
time in Dressrosa.
I hitched a ride on an
SAD tanker leaving port.
And now... It seems that
was the right move.
What do you mean by that?
Why target me? I didn't
do a damn thing to you!
[VERGO]
No. Not yet, anyway.
Because if you had,
you'd be dead right now.
I hate to break it to ya,
but there's no foolin'
us grown-ups, Law.
[chuckles]
[LAW] Well. In that case,
I should just finish you!
Oh, yeah. One more
thing before I go.
[LAW grunts]
[VERGO]
Show some respect, kid.
[LAW grunts]
It's Mr. Vergo to you.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
What the heck happened here?
[MARINE D]
I got no idea!
Whaddya think we should do?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
He's got Tashigi!
No, that's Smoker, remember?
Y'know, I never thought
I'd see the Vice Admiral
get knocked out
twice in one day.
And he's not the only
one who went down!
Three of the
Straw Hats did, too!
Think the Master used
Conqueror's Haki?
[MARINE E]
Don't be ridiculous!
There's no way he could be that
much stronger than them!
[MARINE F] Then what was it?
I mean, he beat all of them
without even layin'
a finger on 'em!
Well, that was fun
while it lasted.
[CENTAUR A laughs]
That's what ya get, Navy!
You should've known better
than to mess with the Master!
He is our god of salvation.
[CENTAURS] Master! Master!
Master! Master! Master!
[laughs] Now, we mustn't waste
any time, my strong soldiers!
Hurry and tie these five pirate
scoundrels up at once!
Use Sea Prism Stone Shackles
on the power holders.
Once you're done,
I want you to move out!
Leave the sailors behind and
seek refuge inside the lab.
It's far too dangerous out here.
I'm sure you've all noticed
the strange substance
that's been raining down
from the sky.
There's no cause for concern,
I will ensure your safety.
[CENTAURS]
Okay! Thank you, Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN] It seems
the Yeti Cool Brothers
failed at their task.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Oh well, I can't blame them.
I guess the combination
of Straw Hat and Law
was simply too much
for them to handle.
[laughs]
[BROOK gasps]
Stay away!
Whatcha waitin' for, Brook?
Tell 'em to back off.
Look, there's only so
much that I can do!
They're monsters,
for crying out loud!
They're not gonna
negotiate with me!
[BROOK gasps]
They're melding together!
Yeah, sorta.
The blobs are getting bigger
by absorbing each other.
[BROOK yells] This one's
almost as tall as me now!
[grunting]
I brought him with us,
so I can't let him die here.
I may be a woman right now,
but it's time to man up!
I'm proud of you.
Handle the ones behind you.
I won't be too long.
[BROOK]
Careful! Good luck down there!
[grunting continues]
Jeez. That cook's always
such a pain in the ass.
[BROOK gasps]
[BROOK yelps] No! Please!
Don't come after me!
I'm warning you.
Stay back, monster!
Whoa! How'd you suddenly
get to be so big?
Hey, Zoro! Help me!
[BROOK exhales] Thank you!
I thought I was a goner!
[ZORO]
Huh?
Run! It's spitting gas!
[BROOK]
Huh? Ugh, right in the face!
[BROOK coughs]
No! It's poison gas!
My eyes! My eyes!
[gasps]
Oh wait, I don't have any eyes.
[BROOK] Guess what?
I'm immune to your attacks!
Now fight me,
gelatinous villain!
[BROOK shouting]
Oh, no! Not again!
Seems we can't use our
swords against them.
They spit poison gas!
Why'd you go and
poke the damn thing?
You saw what it did to me!
I thought that maybe it
just didn't like you.
[BROOK laughs]
[BROOK] Uh-oh,
they've got us surrounded.
This is not good.
[SANJI (NAMI) shivers]
It's freezing!
I've gotta hurry and find
that samurai's torso!
Okay. Guess I'll have to use it.
Observation Haki!
[BROOK]
What are we gonna do now?
We've got nowhere to run!
Hey, I know! They're made
of jelly, right?
I think you should
try eatin' one.
What? No way!
I wish you'd stop bullying me
into things like this, Zoro!
I'm nearly 70 years
older than you!
Fine, sorry I asked.
Never mind, grandpa.
I know you didn't
just call me that!
I'm no "grandpa",
I'm a lively skeleton--
[KIN'EMON yells]
[ZORO]
Whoa, what's wrong with him?
[BROOK]
You okay? Uh, Mr. Samurai?
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
Damn, it's cold!
Sorry about this, Nami.
Huh? What's that? Is it the
slime's venom or something?
Well, that's just great.
Here's hopin' the torso's
not stuck in the middle
of that poisonous cloud.
[SANJI (NAMI)] I've been
using Observation Haki
for a while now and
I haven't found anything.
It must be gettin' weak.
I can't tell the difference
between its life force
and the fish that're
swimmin' around!
Hm? A shark?
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
Are you kiddin' me?
[yells]
[BROOK gasps] You feeling
alright, Mr. Samurai?
Hey, what's the matter?
You look like you're in pain.
[yelling continues]
[SANJI (NAMI)] Oh no, ya don't!
You're not gettin' away from me!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Stop chewin' on it, ya bastard!
[yells] This doesn't hurt,
it merely itches a bit!
[yells]
Jeez, what's gotten
into this guy?
It must be dreadful with
sounds like those.
[growls]
Ow! I'm fine!
Maybe something
happened to Sanji?
[ZORO]
Hm.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Let go of it or else, shark!
Now! Joue Shoot!
[SANJI (NAMI)] I've got the last
piece of the samurai puzzle!
Now we can put the poor
bastard back together again!
I gotta hurry and get to shore!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Uh-oh, it's closin' up!
Dammit!
[gasps]
[SANJI (NAMI)]
The poison already got this far?
Now what'll I do?
I'm completely surrounded!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Is Nami's body strong enough
to get me outta this?
Guess there's only
one way to find out.
[BROOK gasps]
It's not looking good for Sanji!
The whole lake is turning
the color of the poison!
He'd better hurry
and come ashore!
[BROOK shouts]
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Blue Walk!
Don't close up! Don't close up!
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
Look! He made it out alive!
Sure did. And he's
got the torso.
[sobs]
Just like he said he would!
[whimper]
What can I say here?
I feared I would never have
my body back as it should be.
But thanks to you, I'm a
whole samurai once again.
Wow! I must admit,
you're a lot taller than I
expected you to be.
Even taller than me, I believe.
Why yes, that's true.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Gentlemen. I am
the samurai, Kin'emon.
I hail from a town called
Kuri in the Land of Wano,
if you're not aware.
Can somebody help me out here?
I'm about to freeze to death!
Yes! Sorry to keep you waiting!
This should do it!
[SANJI (NAMI) grunts]
It's still cold.
That coat's going to disappear
once he takes it off, right?
What shall I call you,
Curly Eyebrow?
I would like to know your
honorable name, my good sir.
[grunts]
Fine. My name is Sanji!
Cut the "sir" crap, okay?
What, you get your body back
and all of a sudden
you start actin'
like Mr. Manners?
I put my neck out to help
you when you were just
a severed head, but instead
of bein' appreciative,
you kept hurlin' insults at me!
Do you remember what you said?
[KIN'EMON gasps]
[KIN'EMON]
If only I had known sooner!
[SANJI]
Hm?
I loathe pirates!
Though I should have guessed.
That does explain
your barbarism!
Ah! You're on my last nerve!
All you have to say is,
"help me find my body!"
Asking for help
from you pirates?
I would rather die!
Yes, but I'm sure you must
pity a poor disembodied head
who can't even defend himself
if someone attacks.
So, would you like
to carry me? Huh?
[whimpers]
I'm a horrible person.
Please forgive me!
I owe you my life!
I'll never forget your kindness.
Not as long as I live!
I insulted you and your friends,
yet you rescued me.
I doubted you when you swore
to make me whole again.
And I wasn't convinced
until it happened!
Forgive me!
I'm begging you!
I don't deserve your kindness!
I never should've doubted you!
What the hell're you doing?
Lift your head, you idiot!
No man should ever get down on
his knees and beg, you got that?
Yeah. I was just thinking.
Without you... I would be--
[KIN'EMON sobs]
Sorry.
As much as I hate to interrupt
this touching moment, I must.
[BOTH]
Huh?
You see, it would appear that
we're in mortal
danger right now.
[BROOK] Thanks to our...
colorful friend.
[CHOPPER grunts]
[CHOPPER] It's his laboratory.
This is my chance!
I need to figure out how
he made the NHC10.
[CHOPPER gasps]
Is that?
Perfect! It should be in
this book somewhere!
Now, to find sedatives.
[laughs]
[CENTAUR A] Master, the airship
is prepped and ready to go.
I see. Excellent work.
Why don't we stop by
and pick up the children?
It's about time for them
to have another candy.
Put the Straw Hats and
the Marines in a cage.
And then carry it to
my chambers at once.
[CENTAURS]
Yes, Master!
[grunts]
[BROOK gasps] We're trapped!
There's nowhere for us to go!
What's with all
the slime, guys?
I thought I told you
to do somethin' about it!
Well, we tried and it
didn't work, so we just gave up.
What were we s'posed to do?
You chumps shouldn't've
given up so easily!
We've gotta stop it somehow!
We all know that
Nami would kill me
if anything were to
happen to this body.
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
You are never gonna give
it back to her, are you?
Nope, no way in hell.
If I may make a suggestion,
why don't we try to
destroy it with fire?
[ALL]
Huh?
See my blade?
It burns as it cuts!
That's why I am known
as Foxfire Kin'emon.
Allow me to blaze a path
so that we may escape!
You can burn and slice enemies?
Sounds a lot like magic,
if you ask me.
[KIN'EMON]
Hm.
[KIN'EMON shouts]
[gasps]
[growls]
He cut through it! No way!
[KIN'EMON] I've cleared
our path of the slime.
I'm coming for you, Momonosuke!
[BROOK shouts]
How are we still alive?
I thought we were engulfed
by the fire from that massive
explosion, but I
suppose not, huh?
Excuse me, Mr. Kin'emon?
If you wouldn't mind, could you
explain what just happened?
I don't mind at all.
I cut through the explosion.
And how'd you do that?
[KIN'EMON] My Foxfire
Style slices with flame.
And through the knowledge and
use of my myriad of secret arts,
I am able to cut
through flame as well.
There is no fire that can
withstand my blade. None!
Now then,
Momonosuke is in danger.
I must go and rescue him.
I'll take my leave.
[ZORO]
Hang on!
[KIN'EMON]
Hm?
I've always wanted to
see a samurai in action.
Tell you what, Kin'emon.
I'll help you save your son.
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR] A mysterious
individual appears
and manages to injure Law
with his overwhelming strength.
While the horrifying
truth of this individual
leaves the straw Hats shocked,
it's nothing compared to when
they discover the true identity
of the mastermind behind
Ceasar and the enigmatic Vergo.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Shocking! The True Identity
of the Mystery Man Vergo!"
I'm going to be
King of the Pirates!